feat(httpApi): add definition to replace placeholder in key of state (#87)
ekino/veggies: README.md

    | public_gists_url |
```

> Sometimes, in our API we generate Urls with dynamic values instead of fixed value. 

Reviewer: "templated URLs" would be more correct

```suggestion
Sometimes, in our API we generate templated URLs with placeholders. 
```

Then the front or other service will replace them by the true value as they want.

> ex: `https://example.com/api/{token}/page` (`{token}` is a dynamic value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ex: `https://example.com/api/{token}/page` (`{token}` is a placeholder)
```

Reviewer 2: I removed it.

But if you want to test these urls directly in you project, 

> you can use the definition: `I replace key <key> from <search> to <replace> with regex option <option>`.

Reviewer 2: Yes.

Example:

```
Scenario: Using API
  When I GET https://api.example.com/
  And I pick response json page_url as URLPage
  And I replace key URLPage from {token} to ad098020 with regex option gi
  And I GET 
  Then response status code should be 200
```
URLPage after and before:
```
Before: URLPage = 'https://api.example/api/{token}/page'
After: URLPage = 'https://api.example/api/{token}/page'
```

> You can also replace with multiple values, separate by `|`:

Reviewer: eg
```
And I replace key URLPage from {token} to abcd with regex option gim
And I replace key URLPage from {stateUpMode} to live with regex option gim
```

> You can also replace with multiple values, separate by `|`:

Reviewer: With my suggestions, and assuming placholders are present one time only:
```
And I replace {token} in URLPage to abcd
And I replace {stateUpMode} in URLPage to live
```

> You can also replace with multiple values, separate by `|`:

Reviewer 2: Thank you so  much, Yohan. You are total right. That is more simple and make more sense.

  - /^(?:I )?clear request body$/
  - /^(?:I )?set request query$/
  - /^(?:I )?pick response (json|header) (.+) as (.+)$/

>   - /^(?:I )?replace key (.+) from (.+) to (.+) with regex options?\s?(.+)?$/

Reviewer 2: Yes, I tried make this optional with `(?: with regex options )?` and `(?! with regex options)(.+)`

I tried so far like this: 
```regex
^replace key (.+) from (.+) to (.+)(?: with regex options )? (.+)?$
``` 
(I tried play with (?!....) too.

 but I don't find the perfect result.

 Do you have any suggestion, pls?

>   - /^(?:I )?replace key (.+) from (.+) to (.+) with regex options?\s?(.+)?$/

Reviewer 2: Thank you so much again for helping me to resolve this regex.
